[#1375] Some typos, grammatical errors and inconsistencies in the User Guide and Developer Guide (#1379)
reposense/RepoSense: docs/ug/sharingReports.md

### Publish on the web

> As RepoSense reports are in a web page format, you can publish a report by simply uploading it onto any web hosting service. Given below are several options that not only allows publishing reports, but **also allows various levels of automating** the whole process (e.g., automatically update the report daily).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As RepoSense reports are in a web page format, you can publish a report by simply uploading it onto any web hosting service. Given below are several options that not only allow to publish reports, but **also enable various levels of automating** the entire process (e.g., automatically update the report daily).
```
